Update Welcome section with target audience and instructional design (#57)
merely-useful/r-rse: index.Rmd

TODO: Fill in this with a brief description on what course does, why its important, etc

Computers are as essential for science and research as telescopes,

> test tubes, and libraries. Researchers in many fields are increasingly
> needing to know how to create, use, and share software given modern

Reviewer: ```suggestion
test tubes, and libraries. Researchers in many fields need
to know how to create, use, and share software given modern
```

demands and requirements for research. However, most introductions to
programming focus on developing commercial applications and not
typically on the type of tasks and activities that researchers more
commonly do, like exploring problems and answering questions. This
book will show you how to create software as part of your research

> cycle and work where you either work alone or as part of a team. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cycle whether you work alone or as part of a team. For
```

> cycle and work where you either work alone or as part of a team. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cycle whether you work alone or as part of a team. For
```

> researchers who spend most of their time building software packages,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
researchers who build software packages,
```

Even if it's not most of your time!

this book will help prepare you for being a [research software
engineer][rse].

For researchers and data scientists who can write functions to create
programs that are hundreds of lines long and who want to be more
productive and have more confidence in their results, this book
provides a pragmatic, tools-based introduction to research software
engineering. Unlike courses aimed at computer scientists and
professional software developers, this book uses data analysis as the
motivating example and assumes that the learner's ultimate goal is to

> answer questions rather than ship products.

Reviewer: Love this!

[GitHub Actions]: https://github.com/features/actions
[`r-rse`]: https://github.com/merely-useful/r-rse

## Target audience

While the learning content of this book targets the specific learning personas
described in FIXME, we wrote this book with three audiences in mind:

1. **Instructors** who would use this book as the basis for a course or workshop
of their own. Throughout the book there are sections dedicated to this reader
that give information or instructions on how to use or modify the material for

> the instructors specific context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the instructor's specific context.
```

2. **Learners in a class setting** who would be taking this course in a more

> formal class or workshop setting that is lead by an instructor(s). Much of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
formal class or workshop setting that is lead by an instructor. Much of the
```

I don't know, we can keep the (s) but it just feels kind of awkward and maybe not necessary?
Alternate suggestion: 
```suggestion
formal class or workshop setting that is lead by an instructor or instructors. Much of the
```

book is written with this reader in mind.
3. **Independent learners** who would be going through the material and learning
on their own. An independent learner can for the most part follow the book as if
they were a learner in a class setting, with some modifications that we highlight
and describe where necessary.

## Instructional design

The instructional design of the learning material contained in this
book revolves around three key concepts:

1. *Participatory live-coding* lessons, where participants join with
instructors to write and troubleshoot code step-by-step. We believe

> that this encourages participants to actively engage with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that this method encourages participants to actively engage with the
```

material, to build muscle memory through typing, and to learn how to
handle mistakes, rather than passively observing content.

> 2. *In-class and out-of-class exercises* that includes independent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. *In-class and out-of-class exercises* that include independent
```

reading of assigned material and hands-on, practical work.
The hands-on exercises are interspersed throughout the live-coding

> sessions to complement and reinforce the content being learned as well

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sessions to complement and reinforce the content as well
```

as give learners the opportunity to work through the code and problems
at their own pace. Reading activities are used to build concept-heavy
knowledge.

> 3. *Project- and problem-based assignments* that includes both independent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. *Project- and problem-based assignments* that include both independent
```

and group-based work. For the project assignments, learners reinforce
what they learned through a new problem and challenge. The independent

> work prepares them for the group-based (though optional) work, where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
work prepares them for the optional group-based work, where
```
